Hello everyone
and welcome to the next built-in function lecture.
And we're gonna be going over the built-in
functions all and any.
And all and any are basically built-in functions
that allow us to conveniently check
for Booleans matching in an iterable.
I've written out what you could actually type
if you wanted to create your own all and any functions.
So let's just zoom in and go over it.
So what is all doing?
all's gonna say that if all the elements
in that iterable are true, then it returns True.
So it says all takes an iterable
for elements in the iterable, if not element,
which is basically a way of saying
if not true then return False,
otherwise it returns True.
So basically, as it's saying as a word
if they're all true it returns True.
any, as you might have guessed
returns True if any them are true.
So you could type it out so any
put in your iterable, for element in iterable,
if element, so if one of them is true it will return True.
If that if case never becomes true,
then none of 'em are true,
and it returns False.
So hopefully, this will be pretty straightforward
after seeing a few examples.
Let's go ahead and get started with some live code.
I'm gonna create a quick list, call it l,
and it's gonna just be straight Booleans,
True, True, False, False.
Alright, so let's go ahead and check first all.
So go ahead and guess what you think will happen here,
whether it's gonna return True or False,
before running this cell.
Okay, so all will return True is all of 'em are true,
so it should return then, False.
So that makes sense, right?
'cause not all the elements are true.
Okay, so what will any return, then?
So remember, any returns True if any of the elements
in that iterable are true.
And so in this case, it returns True.
Okay, that's really all there is to it for all and any.
So I will let you go ahead and explore them
and see how you can use them or read them in your own code,
but as far as their basic usage, it's really
just that simple, all and any.
And you can basically remember just by their names,
if they're all true, this returns True,
if any are true, that returns True,
and then vice versa for the opposite of 'em.
If they're not all true, it returns False,
if any of 'em are true, it returns True.
If that's not the case, then it returns False.
So if they're all false, then any returns False.
Okay, that's it for this quick built-in function lecture
on all and any.
I will see you at the next one.
Thank you.